README header for KIC 2.0 public beta (#1706)
Kong/kubernetes-ingress-controller: README.md

[**Features**](#features) | [**Get started**](#get-started) | [**Documentation**](#documentation) | [**main branch builds**](#main-branch-builds) | [**Seeking help**](#seeking-help)

## ✨ KIC 2.0 is in public beta! ✨

We're happy to announce that Kong Ingress Controller 2.0 is in public beta.

> This new release comes with a major internal rearchitecture, and the following added features:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This 2.0 beta release comes with a major internal re-architecture, and the newly added features:
```

Author: I don't understand why any of these changes would be helpful.

On _rearchitecture_ vs _re-architecture_: https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/rearchitecture

Reviewer: isn't 2.0 beta accurate than "new release" ? 
according to english syntax https://english.stackexchange.com/questions/325149/re-architecture, I think you mean to change the design or architecture (of a technical system)

- Support for UDP ingress resources and the new `UDPIngress` CRD,
- Ingress controller runtime metrics compatible with Prometheus, for easier monitoring and alerting.

For a quick start, just deploy KIC 2.0 beta to your cluster:

> ```console

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```deployment
```

Author: Why?

Per GH documentation, there is no such syntax coloring as `deployment`.
https://docs.github.com/en/github/writing-on-github/working-with-advanced-formatting/creating-and-highlighting-code-blocks
https://github.com/github/linguist/blob/master/lib/linguist/languages.yml

Reviewer: Deployment is more accurate, user could execute the tool either on a console or on a terminal.
This is a "README.md", no a code block.
